README.md, before:

# vim-hugo

This is a Vim plugin for web development with the static site generator
[Hugo](https://gohugo.io/).

## HTML

- syntax highlighting and identation is improved to support the HTML Go
  template syntax.
- `:h path` includes default directories used by Hugo, like `layouts/partials`,
  which is convenient to start editing files with `:h gf` and friends.
- `matchit` patterns are extended to support Go template.
- A compiler plugin is made available so you can build your website from inside
  Vim with `compiler hugo | make`, and build errors will populate the quickfix
  list.

## Markdown

Markdown syntax highlight is also improved to add support for shortcodes and
YAML front matter.

Embedded languages inside the `{{< highlight >}}` shortcode will be
highlighted. For example, to highlight Python code, add `let
g:markdown_fenced_languages=['python']` to your `.vimrc` or `init.vim`.

```markdown
{{< highlight python >}}
import foo
{{< /highlight >}}
```

If you want to highlight JavaScript code with `js` as a shorthand, use `let
g:markdown_fenced_languages=['js=javascript']`:

```markdown
{{< highlight js >}}
import { bar } from './foo'
{{< /highlight >}}
```

This is reused from Vim's built-in syntax files for markdown, so it'll also be
used for markdown code blocks.

Commit message:

Add fork notes to README

README.md, after:

# vim-hugo

This is a Vim plugin for web development with the static site generator
[Hugo](https://gohugo.io/).

## Note about this fork

This fork addresses two issues:

  - Improves filetype detection&mdash;it uses the presence of a `.hugo_build`
    file (searching upward) to when setting the `htmlhugo` filetype.  So long
    as you've run a build, the filetype will be set before adding any hugo
    syntax.
  - Allow `gf` to work on partials that don't have an `.html` extension.
    
    ```html
    {{ partial "card" . }} <!-- `gf` works with your cursor on "card" -->
    ```
    
## HTML

- syntax highlighting and identation is improved to support the HTML Go
  template syntax.
- `:h path` includes default directories used by Hugo, like `layouts/partials`,
  which is convenient to start editing files with `:h gf` and friends.
- `matchit` patterns are extended to support Go template.
- A compiler plugin is made available so you can build your website from inside
  Vim with `compiler hugo | make`, and build errors will populate the quickfix
  list.

## Markdown

Markdown syntax highlight is also improved to add support for shortcodes and
YAML front matter.

Embedded languages inside the `{{< highlight >}}` shortcode will be
highlighted. For example, to highlight Python code, add `let
g:markdown_fenced_languages=['python']` to your `.vimrc` or `init.vim`.

```markdown
{{< highlight python >}}
import foo
{{< /highlight >}}
```

If you want to highlight JavaScript code with `js` as a shorthand, use `let
g:markdown_fenced_languages=['js=javascript']`:

```markdown
{{< highlight js >}}
import { bar } from './foo'
{{< /highlight >}}
```

This is reused from Vim's built-in syntax files for markdown, so it'll also be
used for markdown code blocks.
